Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[Kemp humming]
[grunts]
[camera beeps]
[solemn music playing]
Hi.
Uh. what do you want--
what do you want me to say. huh?
[alarm beeping]
This is me.
This is my confessional.
I am confessing.
Can you even see me?
[grunts] I'm the bad guy.
[glass shatters]
["Places" by Kyle Seitz
and Noel Goff playing]
* There are places we go
* Places we go *
* No *
* And I couldn't stand
* To be on my own *
* Oh. no *
* But you can find light
* To get back to your home *
* And we are meant to be
* Together *
* Oh
[gym din]
[Cam] All right.
All right. boy.
[woman grunts]
All right. nice.
Yo. it's closing time.
Come on. let's go.
Ten seconds on the clock.
-You ready?
-[Laney] It's on.
[Cam] Well. if it's on. it's on.
[Laney] No. like. it's on.
The camera is recording.
[timer beeping]
Go! [laughs]
Uh. good evening.
Good evening.
functional fitness fans.
I'm Cam. co-owner
of The Hollywood Box.
We're proud to be
-selecting a team to take--
-[Laney] Funding.
Funding. We'll be funding
a team to take to the inaugural
Functional Fitness Games.
[Laney]
To have a chance to compete.
You know that
they can hear you. right?
Would you just get in here?
Welcome to The Hollywood Box.
[chuckles]
[Cam] Team Hollywood members
will get a chance
to train with us
all expenses paid for a year.
plus the opportunity
to win 40K at the Games.
[Laney] But that's not all.
We're also making a documentary
following the team
and our year together.
So this is your chance
to be a star.
Oh. my God.
that sounds so corny. [laughs]
We will be hosting
open tryouts next week.
Um. for a chance to be selected.
you got to send in
a submissions video.
Wednesday at noon
is the deadline.
-12:01. done.
-You're gone.
-See you in the Bo--
-[laughs]
-I'm sorry.
-Come on.
We practiced that part.
-I'm sorry. Okay.
-Don't worry. Can we cut?
Fear of falling?
I hope to someday.
Sounds like a rush.
I'm Amari Jagr.
Three-time X Games champ.
I got too good.
The Games got boring.
I just need a challenge.
-[Cam] I've heard of this girl.
-Really?
Yeah. she's. like.
a triple X Games champion.
Oh. my God.
This is gonna be so good
-for the documentary.
-[Cam exclaims]
Hey. I'm Hillary Douglas.
National champion in Muay Thai.
I guess I just wanna
try something where I'm
part of a team. you know?
[Cam] She looks great on camera.
-Look at her butt.
-Really?
Hey there. I'm Coach Heath.
trength and conditioning coachs
at Gardena High.
I'm gonna bring in some of my
kids here for the tryouts. Got a
really good group of kids here.
I think once they get
some good gear in their hands.
you're gonna see what they got.
That's it. Davis. Back flat.
Drive forward.
Kick that knee up.
-[Davis] Got that. Coach.
-Yo.
-Oh. yeah. and my kids
want me to try out too.
-He's kinda cute.
Tara Murray. former NCAA
champion for gymnastics.
All around.
Games athlete. 2012. 2013. 2014.
And 2015 if you pick me.
-Reason enough?
-Yeah. it's enough.
We're done with
the stupid video.
Time to get to my workout.
Come on.
[Topher]
I gotta put myself on tape.
You're gonna have
to put yourself on tape.
I'm gonna go warm up.
and melt my brain.
and then jump. and then I'm
gonna bring you a cookie.
Okay. [laughs]
-Wow.
-Oh. 11:59.
All right. awesome.
Go ahead and send out the email.
Uh. hold on. wait.
I got one more incoming.
-In your personal email?
-I don't know. Must have been
a mix-up or something.
[wind whooshing]
[distant siren wailing]
Kemp?
Kemp.
Uh...
Is this-- is this for real?
Our video must
really be getting out there.
Wow. I mean. you're really
taking this in stride.
No. I'm-- I'm just
as shocked as you are.
I mean. that's why
it's even more incredible that
our video got to him somehow.
Yeah. somehow is right.
I mean. I didn't even know
that guy was still alive.
Maybe he's trying to
turn his life around.
I mean. he always
was a great athlete.
Yeah. well. whatever he used
to be. he's clearly not anymore.
What. he thinks-- he thinks
he can just pop into our lives
after all these years
and jump on our team?
Cammy. everyone deserves
a second chance.
I mean. isn't that
what we're all about?
I know. I was there.
But everyone deserves
a second chance.
All right.
Okay. All right. yeah. he'll--
he'll get his shot.
but I doubt he'll even show.
Just like last time.
Yo. Toph! On the rings. buddy.
[Andy] Oh. my God.
Oh. we're gonna miss
you guys so much.
Hold on. hold on. hold on.
It's not a eulogy.
guys. all right?
We-- we got seven months.
and if we make the Games...
[sighs]
But I saw the submissions.
Cammy. There's not one snatch
amongst them.
It'll be a challenge. but...
[Zeke] I love you guys so much.
-[both] We know.
-[Zeke] No. but I do.
-I mean. I really do.
-Guys. can we just--
-Let's do the shot.
-Yeah.
-All right. here we go.
-Actually. wait a second.
I have-- I have a little speech.
Did you forget
your speech. Andy?
-I did. I--
-[all laugh]
[Andy] I forgot my speech.
I got it.
Seven years ago. you opened up
The Hollywood Box on a--
on a patch of land in the park.
You slept on the gym floor
to keep it open for us.
You gave me a place to train
for nationals for free.
I never would've placed
at nationals without you.
You-- you guys
made this community
an amazing place
because of your sacrifices.
Oh. that's so beautiful. Andy.
[Andy] All right. I'm not done.
I've thought a lot
about this. guys.
I know I'm not a-- a Metcon guy
or a functional fitness expert.
but I wanna be part of the team.
I wanna bring
whatever I have to offer...
to make this a reality for you.
I just don't wanna see
The Hollywood Box close down.
I don't know what to say. man.
To best friends.
-[Aimee] Yes!
-[Zeke] Damn.
-Salut.
-[Cam] I love you. dude.
[all] Cheers.
-I love you guys.
-Best shot ever.
[Cam] We are losing our gym
in seven months.
Actually. Cammy's just
a little too humble to say it.
but. um. we've been paying
his brother's medical bills
for the past five years.
and that's why we're broke.
Well. I'm not trying
to be humble.
I'm just-- you know.
just not trying to brag.
Well. I know.
but it's for the documentary.
so we have to say it as it is.
You know. I mean.
this is the confessional.
We have to confess.
The light bulb went off.
and we decided that
it was time to make a choice.
Yes. So we're making a movie.
and we are taking
a team to the Games.
You know.
after seven months. we--
we might not have our gym.
but at the very least.
we'll at least-- [chuckles]
At the very least.
we will have done
what we set out to do.
Yeah.
And we'll have each other.
Well. we will always
have each other.
Oh. good. [chuckles]
Okay. that's gonna
have to be cut out.
[Cam] That's not getting cut.
[Aimee] Hi. I'm Aimee Lansbury.
I just wanted to. um.
take this time
to submit myself for the team.
I've never really
been in any sports.
but I'm the general manager
at the-- The Hollywood Box.
and. uh. I mean. you already
know that. obviously--
[Cam] What's up. man?
Thanks for coming out.
Marcus. what's going on. dude?
You got some new ink?
-[Marcus] Got some new ink. bro.
-[Cam] Good. Lookin' good. girl.
-Heath. right?
-How's it going?
Dude. awesome.
We're so glad to have you here.
-Tiara.
-It's Tara.
-Tara?
-Yeah.
-It's Tara.
-Sorry. Tara.
Thanks for bringing
your girl. dude.
[Romy] Oh. no. big daddy.
I'm trying out.
What-- what about your box?
You're paying.
I'm playing. player.
All right. Ooh. [exclaims]
No. just kidding. Awesome.
Hey. I'm so glad--
You had an awesome interview.
Glad to have with us. man.
Awesome. man.
Well. thank you for coming out.
Dude! What are you doing. man?
Come here.
I thought you were punkin' me.
Come on. bro.
You know I got your back.
-Yeah.
-This is where it's going down?
Yeah. this is it.
I feel pretty good about it.
-Let's make it happen.
-All right. man.
Showtime?
He's not coming.
Coming in?
All right. guys.
So in about ten minutes here.
we're gonna put you through
a little workout.
and it's gonna be
a 25-minute time cap.
And if you aren't able to
finish in that amount of time.
unfortunately. you're gonna
be automatically disqualified.
However.
it's important to remember
that we're not just picking
based on your scores.
We're also looking at
who you are.
I don't think there's any better
way to figure out who you are
than to see how you compete.
So let's give it your best shot.
leave it all on the floor. and.
uh. see what you're made of.
[intense music playing]
Nice. nice. Yeah.
Keep winking at me. baby.
I like it.
Jesus. Look at Heath.
Dude's a frickin' beast. man.
-[grunting]
-[Cam] Watch it. buddy.
You're gonna get
somebody hurt. man.
Oh. you're round. man. You're
gonna throw your back out
before you even start.
That a boy.
[Cam] Man. if we can score
Andy and Romy and Tara.
which is huge.
then we're in good shape.
[Laney] I can't believe
Tara's still here.
-[Cam] Two. three. four.
-Stop the count.
All right.
You guys are all
gonna be movie stars!
Here we go. Don't forget
who you are. One minute.
You've got to get that chin
over the bar. Kemp.
-[Kemp grunts]
-Go back. Go back.
Chin over the bar. Get one more.
Go back. Go all the way up.
[grunts]
I love it how
he's the military dude.
and he doesn't even do
a full pull-up.
[Laney] I think he can get
in shape really fast. one.
and two. he would be
amazing for the video.
[Cam] I think he's already
in pretty good shape.
but he's average all around.
He doesn't specialize
in anything. He's not really
gonna help the team.
[Laney] I just don't think that
we should count him out yet.
That's all I'm saying.
Just keep an open mind about it.
[*]
[grunts]
-You all right?
-Yeah. dude.
All right. guys.
Ten seconds till that cap.
Here we go. Kemp. Here we go.
Five...
-[timer beeping]
-...two. one.
Time.
Yo. your boy pushed me. man.
-Did you push him?
-I didn't see anything.
You can't disqualify
someone for a rumor.
-Did you push him?
-[man] Dude. he pushed me!
You know what. guys?
Great workout.
Um. we'll be back in 30
to announce the selections.
Laney. I think there's something
that. uh. you need to see
in the emails over there.
We can't pay these athletes.
Yeah. no.
we're not paying anyone.
No. I mean. it's. uh.
something about the videos
with. um. all expenses paid.
Uh. excuse me. Did-- did you
just say that you can't pay us?
Okay. apparently there's been
some kind of mix-up about
what we're doing here. but--
-No pay. no play.
-[Laney] No. guys. come on.
If you guys wanna be
a part of a good team.
come to Pulsar.
-[Cam] Romy. come on. man.
-Fuck off.
Fuck off? [chuckles]
That's cute.
Um. is-- is this because
I'm getting too big for you?
I told you that I wanted to
be a part of Hollywood's team
-for a reason.
-Yeah. no. I get it.
You wanna be a big star.
[laughs]
Have fun with these losers.
And you know what?
Stop freeloading off me. too.
Hey. we didn't--
we didn't want that guy anyways.
Guys. come on. I promise.
it's gonna be worth it.
-[Laney] Come on.
-[Cam] We need team spirit.
Andy. man.
Come on. we still got this. bud.
Yeah. look. um...
look. I agree
Romy's a douche and all.
but guy's got a point.
-I mean. you guys--
-What?
You never told me this.
I mean. you never--
you never said we--
I'm just--
Bro. I got bills to pay.
We can-- we can throw you
some-- some meals.
and we'll take care
of you as best we can.
We need you for the--
for the team. man. come on.
-We were counting on you.
-I'm out.
Sorry.
[somber music playing]
[Cam sighs]
Well. I-- I guess we should
just tell 'em to go home.
Right?
Did Frederica give up?
-Oh. geez.
-What?
I feel like we can
learn a lot from that duck.
What. about how not to fly?
No.
About persistence
and resilience.
I-- I can't believe
that we're talking about
Fred the Duck right now.
[Laney] Frederica.
She was a girl.
Yeah. well. she was
pretty clumsy for being a girl.
No. she was tenacious.
like her owner.
She waddled all the way
after us after we dropped her
off at that lake.
-She only waddled because
she didn't know how to fly.
-But she learned to.
Yeah. after we dropped her
off a hill 476 times.
Are you guys
talking about ducks?
They're talking about ducks.
[Cam] These guys know nothing
about functional fitness.
nothing.
Look. when we graduated
from college.
we had a choice. right?
I mean. you could've
become your brother.
You could've entered the draft
and made the NFL.
But you didn't.
It would've made your dad happy.
but not you.
This is the challenge that your
whole life has prepared you for.
I mean. this is everything
that we were asking for.
We've got raw material there.
Like. really raw.
But you can mold them
and you can work with them.
I know you can.
This is your chance to be
the leader that I know you are.
[Cam] All right. Thank you guys
so much for sticking around.
This should only
take a couple of minutes.
[Laney] Actually. it might
take a little bit longer.
I gotta get
a quick picture for Instagram.
Take it. I need to get
a promotional photo
of the selected team.
and I need you in it.
Hey. it's. uh.
nice to see you. Laner.
I don't go by
that nickname anymore.
Well. you don't
choose your nickname.
Either way.
I need you to take the shirt.
-No. I didn't come here--
-Okay. fine.
-Step aside.
-No. babe. I-- I got it.
Here we go.
Seems like your team spirit
is the same as it ever was. huh?
Well. I just wanted you
to look pretty.
-[Cam chuckles]
-Look at that.
-Thank you.
-Fits those big guns.
Big guns.
Didn't know we were
the same size.
Well. you know. I figured--
figured it might be good
to have a contingency plan.
So. uh. all right. let's move
it in. Here. come on. get in.
[Laney] Feet up. There we go.
[Cam] Every team
always needs a black sheep.
-Oh.
-[all chuckle]
Get it on. guys. Flex.
Oh. you're naughty. Cam.
["Who You Are"
by Lost City playing]
* Oh. how the years
Have crippled my love *
* Down deep beneath
The surface *
* And you'll see things
You never have heard *
* Feel things
You never have seen *
* When we were young
That's what they told you *
* But it's so hard
* To find who you are now... *
-[Cam] All right. let's do it.
-All right.
So. you're a Jersey girl. huh?
Yeah. Jersey girl.
Went to Penn State.
What about you guys?
-[both] Georgia.
-[laughing]
-Bulldogs.
-Bulldogs. Nice. Nice.
-[Hillary chuckles]
-Oh. that is Big Jim.
-He's our local security guard.
-And awesome roommate.
Anyway. we normally
go in the back here.
[dog barking]
Don't be surprised if he gets
a little cuddly at night.
All right. he's just--
just there to keep you warm.
No. it's fine.
Thank you guys so much
for letting me crash with you.
-Of course.
-It's super generous.
Yes. sugar.
We got to do whatever
we can do to keep you around.
Yeah. you would think with
all of your achievements
in judo. it would pay better.
Yeah. I mean. I wish.
but unfortunately.
you're kind of
on your own for that. so.
Well. you have us
as your family now.
so I think this is
a group hug opportunity.
He is so gross. Don't let him
flirt with you like this.
[laughs] It's fine. I just--
I hope I don't get
into your guys' hair.
No. you can get
all up in our hair.
We need some of that mojo
to rub off on us.
Got a winner in the house.
You can set yourself up in here.
I know it's not ideal.
but it's what we got. so.
-It's perfect.
-Okay. well.
make yourself at home.
and why don't you come help me
get some stuff out of the car?
Oh. remember
when you were in the--
when you were in the annex
at lunch earlier?
-Andre wanted to have
another little chat.
-Oh. boy.
Yeah. and you know how
he looks through everything
with the lens
of Eastern mythology.
Yeah. well. his fitness
is a myth. that's for sure.
Well. now that
he's started coaching.
he says he doesn't have
enough time to train anymore.
I can't believe
that guy's a coach.
[snickers] It's so ridiculous.
Well. you hired him.
Yeah. well. that's because
we needed cheap help.
Anyway. his point was that
he's had some kind of
spiritual realization
that he was in the worst shape
of his life a year ago.
and now he's in the best.
and he could continue
getting in better shape.
but what's the point?
-Because that story is over.
-I don't understand
how Andre even knew
his story started. Laney.
I don't know. but he says
that now all those hours
are going back into
giving to people.
So what are you saying?
He's gonna quit coaching?
I've got to find a replacement?
No. Cammy.
he's quitting training.
That's the end of that story.
Do you not want me to compete?
No. this has nothing
to do with that.
Okay. Because if
anybody's gonna suffer.
it's gonna be me. all right?
And they need me. baby.
We've got a bunch
of inexperienced athletes.
and we're trying to
get to the Games.
Can you trust me on this?
I know they need you.
-And I trust you.
-Good.
And this isn't
gonna go as planned.
so I'm just gonna
think outside of the box.
[chuckles] Come here.
Oh. God. That was disgusting.
[laughs]
Did he just join the team?
Yeah. that's not a conflict
of interest or anything.
I wonder which one
of the four he'll pick.
[Amari] So. guys. Topher's
letting me stay with him.
-I only did this
because I'm a team player.
-Team. my ass.
So. I gave them all mini cameras
so they can film
their own confessionals.
Ah. Here.
Here. here at last.
They're in black and white.
I know. it's artsy. ehh.
but I think it could
be really beautiful.
We're gonna turn these around
and then see later.
[Laney] Cam won't see them.
so they can air
their grievances and whatever.
Cam seems really nice.
I bet his workouts
will be real functional.
Talking about Cam
and stuff like that.
I can't even speak.
That's how excited I am.
[laughs]
They're literally letting me
stay in their home.
I'm a little worried about
Cam joining the team. [sighs]
Thank you. Laney. [chuckles]
I'm just worried
he's gonna overextend himself.
[Cam] Oh. man.
Sometimes when I do this.
I feel like I'm gonna fart.
[Hillary laughs]
Oh. God. I know. I know.
We just do the same thing
over and over.
[laughs] It's okay.
We get to watch TV.
[Cam sighs] Isn't it funny?
Like. do you ever think about
how much time we voluntarily
spend in pain?
Well. I certainly
don't feel it anymore.
Oh. I do.
-Ow. Stop it.
-[Hillary chuckles]
What are you doing? Quit that.
I don't want you
to feel any pain anymore.
-Right.
-I'm gonna toughen you up.
Oh.
[camera beeps]
[sighs]
Well...
I've always dedicated
my success to Jack.
[somber music playing]
Yeah. Jack played
football like a--
He played like a guy
from the newspaper era.
He fired up
the imagination so high
that you could
only write about him.
because video surely
wouldn't do him justice.
He deserved tall tales.
Breathless campfire legends
that old men
pass on to their sons.
He was...
pure.
He didn't belong in this era.
Uh... [grunts]
So. I'm-- I'm just--
I'm not trying
to replace him or anything.
I'm trying to honor him.
Because I didn't really wanna
join the team as an athlete.
You know.
I just wanted to coach the guys.
so anything.
it's-- it's a sacrifice.
So... [sighs]
No.
I would definitely not say
that I'm trying
to be my brother.
All right. guys.
we're gonna go ahead
and hinge just at the hips.
No more bending those knees.
Sliding it down your quads.
Just above the knees.
Looking good. looking good.
Pull your shoulder blades.
Yeah. atta girl.
-Thank you.
-[Cam] Nice. You got it.
Kemp.
straighten up that back. bud.
Oh. got it.
You're rounding right here. man.
[clattering]
Looks like the clock's
getting started.
-You better get on your own bar.
-[beep]
You know what. I think--
I think I'm gonna actually
switch up the workout. guys.
so I can work in with you
and keep my eye on it.
I know we're not prepped for it.
but we're gonna go ahead
and do one rep max cleans
and establish
our baselines today. okay?
[Laney] Gotta find a way
to get him on board.
Well. he doesn't
wanna be. [sighs]
Well. talk to him. find a way.
It's not that--
it's not that simple. Laney.
[Laney] I think it could be.
I think you just need
to say something to him
that makes him feel welcome.
We're not-- we're not dating.
Okay. if he-- if he wants
to be a part of the team.
then he can participate.
[Laney]
Maybe make him feel welcome
and he will participate.
that's all I'm saying.
No. I shouldn't
have to go to him.
I shouldn't have to talk to him.
[Kemp] Thanks.
Well. thanks for coming
to grab a drink with me.
Normally I come here with Andy
when I'm feeling stressed.
but he hung us out to dry. so.
To new drinking buddies.
Probably won't be
drinking too much
with this new paleo diet
you got us on.
Man.
Hey. that was a--
that was a test.
Looks like you're keeping
yourself in pretty good shape.
I hope so.
You're picking me for the team.
Playing in a flag football
league or something?
Nah. Fuck football.
Just a bunch of drones running
around. following orders.
I like basketball now.
-Yeah?
-Mm-hmm.
I've actually been playing
some basketball. too.
-Maybe we should go out
to the park and--
-I don't play.
-You got a girl these days?
-Hey. how come you and the lady
haven't popped out a kid yet?
Oh. boy.
Going for the kill. huh?
Yeah. I just-- I don't really
think we're grown-ups yet.
Yeah. me neither.
Appreciate the drink.
["Magnetic" by
Tim Blane playing]
[Cam] All right. guys.
going for another rep
in three. two. one. Get it.
Elbows up. Kemp.
* It might be no secret
That I blindly *
* Replace my nothing to say *
* With the play
Of the eager card *
All right. guys. let's do it.
Come on.
Remember. we're working
on mechanics first. all right?
-[grunts]
-Keep pushing. keep pushing.
Here we go. Let's go. Kemp.
What have you been
working for. buddy. huh?
* I've seen it
A couple three times *
* People so cool everybody
Single files it up to them *
* And don't know why *
* And then there's me
The tip of my tongue *
* Pushing you away before
I've begun to impress you *
* Then a quick goodbye *
Dismount!
* Wish I could be magnetic
I hit my weiner!
* Rely on my own force
To pull you in *
* There's always something
Deeper down to analyze *
* And overthinking
* What it might be
Is a repellent by design *
* Wish I could be
Magnetic. magnetic *
We're gonna get
the next heat up in a second.
That was awesome. guys.
See. when we work so hard.
we work so hard.
You can show it
on the floor right here.
* Magnetic. magnetic *
Nice. here we go.
Come on. come on.
last rep. last rep.
[screaming]
* Wish I could be
Magnetic. magnetic *
Here we go.
* Rely on my own force
To pull you in *
* Oh. I wanna be
Magnetic. magnetic *
* Seeing as my troubles evolve
As the lines begin *
[panting]
Congrats. guys.
You made it through the first
two months of training.
[all cheering]
-One. two. three.
-[all] Hollywood!
[overlapping chatter]
["Middle of the Night"
by Leonard Friend playing]
Oh. yeah. If you're gonna cheat.
why not go all the way. right?
Who's cheating?
I don't see any other food
getting a ring on it from me.
[chuckles] Here. try this.
No.
Come on. it's good for you.
Just try it.
[Kemp] Absolutely not.
W-- why not?
Try that.
'Cause what you think
is good about that
is that you're doing
what you're supposed to.
but I don't think
that's good for you.
* Who's gonna love you
In the middle of the night? *
Laney. I'm gonna
take this one home.
Suddenly not feeling
so well anymore.
Okay. babe. I'll finish up here.
Great.
* Who's gonna love you
In the middle of the night? *
So where are you staying?
You know me.
Would you be open to me
finding a place for you to stay?
I think there's
a small part of me
that might be open
to that possibility.
Do you feel like you push harder
or less hard to music?
Like. does it relax you.
or does it make you just
go crazy and lose control?
* I'm just stumbling out *
Are you listening to me?
* Dazed. exhausted
And shouting aloud *
Cam?
Yeah. sorry. I was just--
What's the matter?
Well. not a thing anymore.
Oh. come on. tell me.
-Uh...
-What's going on?
-Just show me. tell me. come on.
-Okay. okay. okay.
-We're losing members.
-Oh. no.
Yeah. uh. I was just
going through our records
for the last couple months.
and we have it set up
so that we can last exactly
exactly to the Games.
but we won't last if
we lose any more members.
-Oh. no.
-Yeah.
Well. why are they leaving?
I have my suspicions. but...
you know.
Oh. hey.
don't tell Laney. all right?
I don't want her to get
distracted with this. so.
-It'll be our little secret.
-Okay.
And I'm gonna
fix it anyways. so.
-No biggie.
-Yeah. no big deal.
Mm-hmm.
Sorry the accommodations
aren't nicer.
but it's a roof over your head.
You still worry about me.
I just don't want you
out there in the wild.
[Kemp scoffs]
Best bed I've had in years.
In 14 years?
Yes. Laner. I haven't had a good
night's sleep since I left you.
Good night.
Be out by 5:00 a.m.
every morning.
-[sighs]
-[door shuts]
Am I worried?
["Take 2 Or 3"
by Tim Blane playing]
Am I worried?
That's all I am today.
[coughs]
-What's up?
-Hey.
Yo. Cam.
What's with this programming.
man? You trying to kill us?
Come on. Morris.
You know you love those
beach muscle workouts. baby.
Yeah. I think that was
for your other team.
Oh. man. did I-- did
I switch up the programming?
It's cool. Careful. man.
If you stop appreciating us.
we'll just take our stuff
over to Pulsar.
[Laney] Bill. [chuckles]
Could you do take care
of these for me. Aimee?
Oh. Aimee. I got those.
I think Laney needs
your help more.
so I'll take care of it.
-Thank you.
-[phone ringing]
Hey. Rory.
Hey. Ames. can you-- uh.
can you e-mail the members
and let them know that
we're gonna open up gym hours
during the day this week?
Yeah. isn't that
when the team trains?
Yeah. well.
we're gonna switch it up. so.
Thank you.
Yo. team.
come check it out. guys.
[Laney]
Zeke is such a sweetheart.
I can't believe
he told you about the team.
Oh. you were impressed
by the submissions video?
Thanks.
Uh. yeah. no.
it's looking great.
Uh. the--
Oh. yeah. the athletes
are looking. um. great.
This afternoon?
No. no. no. no. no.
Uh. if you want to meet me.
we'll make it work.
Okay. yeah. great.
Uh. see you soon.
Bye.
[Kemp] Smart move. Laner.
Not FaceTiming.
They would've seen
your tell for sure.
Someone's jumpy.
When you startle someone.
they jump.
When you hide someone.
their presence is startling.
Shh.
-What is it?
-There.
What?
When you get nervous. you switch
the phone to your right hand.
And shake.
Something about switching lanes.
trying to control
your artistic side.
You can't just
walk back into my life
after all these years
and pretend that you know me.
Well. I didn't just
walk back into your life.
You invited me.
Why'd you invite me. Lane?
Why didn't you say goodbye?
[distant chatter]
-I did not invite you.
-Fine.
For you.
For now.
All righty. guys.
we'll meet at the park
at 3:00 p.m.. all right?
-All right.
-All righty. see ya.
-Go eat.
-Hi. Coach.
[Cam] Hydrate later.
Where is everyone going?
Well. I'm just throwing
a little wrench in their gears
with a five-day
Nature Workout Challenge.
-A Nature Workout Challenge?
-That's right.
You got functional fitness.
gotta be prepared for
the unknown and the unknowable.
Do I really have time for
a functional
fitness maxim right now?
What. is there
something wrong with right now?
No. it's just--
I got a call from Rory.
He's a pretty big producer.
you know?
Which one's the producer again?
Anyway. we heard about the team
and he wants to take
a meeting with us.
About a deal.
Well. you seem
kind of tense about it.
Yeah. I am.
This is a big meeting for us.
-I'm going?
-Of course. This afternoon.
Well. no. hon.
I can't go this afternoon.
-I gotta take the team out.
-No. I need you to come with me.
Plus. I need them
getting more footage anyway.
I mean. what were you thinking?
Well. that's exactly what I was
thinking about. We're gonna be
out in nature. you know?
Spectacular visuals.
swinging off vines.
jumping creeks.
tossing boulders.
What is this. Tarzan?
No. this is nature.
I-- I did this for you.
I see. And. um. how are you
planning on videoing out there?
Hmm.
Maybe-- maybe Rory has
some extra GoPros I can borrow.
I guess I'm coming
to this meeting with you.
And maybe in the future
you'll consult me
before you make
any more decisions?
[laughs] Wait.
so no one can see you?
We don't care
if anybody sees us.
Do you know
how sexy you guys are?
You are so sexy that we can
get you a deal for the show.
-Nice.
-It's not actually a show.
Yeah. it is now. See.
I talked with a friend at ESPN.
and. you know.
functional fitness is hot.
They own the Games.
It makes sense now.
You're at the right time.
You're at the right place.
Nothing to do with you guys.
No offense.
-[Cam] None taken.
-Okay.
And I guess it could be
reconceived as a show.
Oh. don't be
so artsy-fartsy. Lane.
-So-- so they made an offer?
-[Rory] Well. no.
-No. they didn't make an offer.
-I'm sorry.
-I don't think I follow.
-This is an opportunity.
You shoot this thing
on spec with your own dollar.
You follow the team
for the season. you make
the Games. you make the Games.
and I have a friend at ESPN
who's really keen on
making this a reality show.
A reality show?
-And only if we make the Games.
-[Zeke] Yeah.
Who wants to watch a bunch
of random functional fitness
people anyway?
Yeah. right? Zeke's right.
I mean. you win the Games.
we get something to talk about.
You don't. what do we have?
We have a bunch of hot
white people having sex.
Give me the CW. you know?
-[Zeke] Or porn.
-Or porn.
S-- Yeah. Well?
-[both laughing]
-So we have a deal?
Quick question.
You guys happen to have
any GoPros you could loan us?
It's 3:00 p.m.
We're here.
Where's Coach?
[Cam] GoPros!
Courtesy of ESPN. Why?
Because they like the concept.
but not necessarily the cast.
They wanna see
you guys in motion.
If you're trying to threaten us.
the first thing they'll replace
is the captain when
they figure out how dangerous
this programming is.
What are we gonna do?
Handstands off a cliff?
Five workouts.
Win. and you guys
are granted immunity.
Wow. We're playing Survivor.
Come in last.
and you might get cut.
Teammates are:
B-Man Heath and Tara.
Topher and Amari.
Hillsbills and Kempers.
All right. let's do it. guys.
Here we go.
[Hillary]
It's actually kind of spooky.
Sorry. I'm too busy training.
Unbelievable. He sends us to
a tourist trap to do a workout.
Because maybe they wanna see
the lead-up to the event.
I'm sure they wanna
see the event. too.
Wait. I'm sorry.
You're not gonna
turn the GoPro on at all?
-It's required.
-I don't think it is.
I'm glad to know
I can count on you.
[rock music playing]
Yes!
You're done.
[Hillary] Oh. Kemp.
Wanna have a conversation
about Kemp?
He sucks.
He doesn't do anything.
No. actually. he does.
He just sucks at it.
You're gonna need
your hands on this one.
Opposable thumbs.
[*]
After two days
of nature workouts.
we have all gotten
beautiful tans.
We got sandbag carries
up the hill to tree climb.
Nice. Go. go. go. go. go.
Seriously. Laney. you need
to take control of your team.
You need to fire Kemp.
[*]
Come on. dude.
-Great work.
-Great workout.
Yeah. it would be a fantastic
workout if you did it right.
[Hillary] No wonder
you got discharged.
Hey. you don't know
anything about that.
I don't need to know
All I need you to realize
is that you're on my team.
Act like it!
[Cam] He's got to go.
He's got to go.
I'm gonna have to pull
the trigger on this one.
It's our final workout.
so we got Laney here
to watch and capture video.
I'm gonna jump in with you guys
for this one. so if I beat any--
-What?
-[Cam] What?
Are you a coach
or are you a competitor?
Uh. I'm a player coach.
I thought
we had established that.
-Pick a side.
-Wow. Okay.
So I know that we paced it out
on some of our workouts
when we're training.
but this is our last
nature workout.
So I want you guys
to redline it.
up that intensity
as high as you can.
and really treat this one
like a competition. all right?
So for workout number five.
we are going to be doing
a modified Murph.
the original Hero WOD.
Okay. we're going to substitute
kettlebell swings for pull-ups.
and you're going to carry
your partner on the last leg.
so that should be fun.
And then. come on. come on.
-Let's go.
-Come on.
You got it.
One more. one more. come on.
All right. let's go.
Nice. Nice.
Get it. get it. get it.
that's how it's done.
Here we go. See that?
This is dog and pony show.
You're an athlete.
a real athlete.
You wanna flip over
so I can rub your belly?
You see what happens
when you do things right?
-What? What happens?
-It hurts.
[scream]
Cam. you. you did this.
Tara. can I please
just go check on Amari?
Now you're concerned?
I told you from the get-go.
These are ridiculous drills
so that you can act
like a leader.
You have no control
over your team.
no control over your gym.
-You should quit. really.
-No. Tara. you should quit.
-[Kemp] You okay?
-Sweet ride.
-Excuse me?
-I'm kicking you off the team.
Are you fucking kidding me?
I'm the only one that
can do anything.
-Babe. can we talk about this?
-You're wrong.
you can't do anything.
Because you're not a member
of this team anymore.
Just because you can lip
like a dude doesn't mean
you have to act like a douche.
We'd probably be
disqualified anyway
if we kept you around
when the tests come back.
and show that you're
carrying Y chromosomes.
Get out of here.
and don't ever talk
to my husband that way again.
The tribe has spoken.
You are--
It's Tara.
Ah. GoPros.
[sensual music playing]
There's something
about the way you act to Tara.
Yeah?
You like it when I get hard?
God. baby. when you get hard.
it makes me so hard.
Stop being so soft.
you little bitch.
Kiss me.
What the hell. Laney?
What? I was just
trying to turn you on.
I thought we were role playing.
Soft?
No. I thought that you
liked it when I took control.
What?
I'm not soft.
-I know.
-I was about to make
a cut of my own.
Until you jumped in there.
You make me look like a fool.
and now you're calling me soft?
I think it worked out just fine.
Compared to what alternative?
-Nothing.
-No. tell me what
you're thinking. Laney.
Please. elaborate.
I'm thinking I'm sorry.
And that you can
make the decisions.
And will you please forgive me?
No. no. I really won't.
Please?
-Not now.
-[Laney] Cam.
Where are you going?
[door clicks closed]
[clattering]
[sirens wailing]
[weights bang on floor]
What are you doing here?
Did you--
Did you leave the door open?
Did you sneak in?
This is insubordinate behavior.
-Don't do that.
-[weights bang on floor]
What?
You don't know
anything about that.
I know that you were
dishonorably discharged.
Well. you don't have
the slightest clue.
Which is funny
'cause you don't seem
like the best teammate either.
You read a couple
of Google search results.
suddenly.
you think you're an expert.
You think you know all
there is to know about a person.
If you let
this team down in any way--
What? What?
What are you going to do?
Are you going to kick me out?
Sorry.
but I already got the key.
How'd you get that?
-Stay here.
-Give me the key. Kemp.
-This was given to me.
-By who?
Who do you think?
Why would she do that?
I needed a place to stay.
But why would she do that?
You'll have to ask
your wife that question.
[contemplating
instrumental playing]
[Laney] He needed
a place to stay.
he was living on the street.
-Then why didn't
you just tell me?
-Because it wasn't a big deal.
If it wasn't a big deal.
then why didn't you
just tell me?
[Laney]
Because it wasn't a big deal.
-[Cam] Then
why didn't you just tell me?
-Because it wasn't a big deal.
-If it wasn't a big deal.
then why didn't you tell me?
-Because it wasn't a big deal!
You know what. you're right.
I just-- I've been
feeling so much pressure.
especially
with this reality show demands.
and then I thought
he would be good for the movie.
And you've been
pulling so much weight
with that cool nature video
and all the extra members
that signed up
because of it. and I--
I just wanted to do my part.
But you know what.
I'm-- I'm sorry.
I shouldn't keep
secrets from you.
No. No. I can't.
I can't get away with that.
I should be the one apologizing.
[laughs] For what?
Laney. I didn't take
the team out just for training.
I took them out
to open up hours in the gym.
We've been losing members.
How many?
Enough that
we can't last to the games.
-Oh. my God.
-I have ideas and plans.
-No. just stop.
-Shh. listen to me.
I can make it.
No. no. no. no.
There's no I or me or you.
It's just--
See. that's the problem.
Everyone's feeling
so disenfranchised.
Yeah. I know. I--
I definitely feel that.
We need something
that will bring us together.
We need to forge a moment
of solidarity between us
and the team and the gym and--
It's just--
What brings people together?
A paleo party?
I'm sorry. guys.
I kind of live here too.
That's an awesome idea.
It's a great idea.
And can I make
another suggestion?
Well. I know you guys were
looking to make some money.
and something
we used to do at my school
was offer date auctions.
[laughing] I'm totally down.
I think it's a fantastic idea.
Let's announce it.
[energetic pop music playing]
Hollywood! Yeah. baby!
I just want to thank you guys
so much for showing up
here last minute.
We're going to
get started in a minute here.
But before we get started.
guys. I just want to introduce
our newest member.
she doesn't even know
she's on the team yet.
-Aimee Landsbury!
-[all cheering]
All right. guys. we're about
to start the date auctions
here in just a minute.
So pony up
for the flavor of your choice.
[all cheering]
[EDM music playing]
[Cam] ladies and gentlemen.
[indistinct].
Come on. that's you.
get up. come on.
-Oy.
-[Laney] No. get up.
-All right.
-[Laney laughing]
[*]
[man cheering]
Laney. baby! [laughing]
Oh. don't be so formal.
it's unsexy.
Sorry. just a little
nervous around you--
Shh. less is more.
Come on. be drunk with me.
let's be a friend.
Okay. are you having fun?
Mm. don't be so boring.
Come on. do this.
[all laughing]
-Oh. my God.
-Let's watch
another Beyonc video.
No. oh. you guys
want to see some of the footage?
-Absolutely.
-I have cameras
all over the place.
That's not creepy.
No. it's because a party
is so good for a show. you know?
-All right.
-No. hold on. hold on. hold on.
There's the porch with the pool.
And. oh. game room.
Oh. there's Cam.
He's so cute.
-I know.
-Oh. yeah.
I thought you were
gonna be like Bruce Lee.
-Ever seen that video
of him playing with nunchucks?
-That's not real.
-Yes. it is.
-[laughs] No. it's not.
-Oh. you're so gullible.
-Me?
You're the--
You're the innocent one.
[Hillary] Oh. no.
I'm just hustling you.
[Hillary laughing]
You little hustler.
Come on. give me a break.
There's not a hustling bone
in your body.
I know. [laughs]
You're doing it again.
Sorry. I was just--
just wandered off.
You know me.
always flitting about.
-Maybe we shouldn't
be watching this.
-Fuck that. we're watching this.
-She's always probing.
probe more.
-[Hillary laughing]
You don't ask me for anything.
so I feel like
I can tell you everything.
-Like how I admire you.
-[Hillary laughing]
You're what
I want to be when I grow up.
[Hillary] Oh. well.
you make me feel the same.
No. you're not allowed
to feel that way. missy.
Oh. but I do.
I feel like you're super brave.
-No. I'm not.
-You are.
I mean. the fact
that you gave up
an entire career in the NFL
just so you could
help other people
follow their dreams.
-I mean. you're an inspiration.
-I'm not an inspiration.
-You so are.
No. you are. I mean.
you made so many
sacrifices for everyone.
-And everything you do is just--
-It's not true.
Yeah. I didn't
give up an NFL career.
Found out I wasn't
going to get drafted.
and so I didn't enter.
I was never good enough.
I'm not toasting to that.
Yeah. you know--
You know who was good enough?
My brother. Jack.
So. do it with me.
in honor of Jack.
You want to know
the truth. Hill?
It was the night
of the state championship game.
and it-- it was the last play.
So. my brother.
he throws it long
to his favorite receiver.
a guy named Kemp.
So Kemp runs the wrong route.
and he calls my brother.
and it's perfect season.
so. you know.
we go out drinking after
in backwoods of Georgia.
wash it all away like kids do.
And so I tag along
with my big bro.
And so Jack starts drinking.
and like everything else.
he was good at it.
Yeah. no matter
how many shots he had.
you could never tell
that he was drunk.
He just-- He just
wouldn't let you see it.
And so that night.
the final high school
football game is done.
and he is just breaking
all the records.
The truth is. every kid
in that town worshipped him.
And the way he's
throwing them back that night.
he turned into a god.
And so they start chanting.
and they start pushing him
and pushing him
and pushing him. you know?
-And he's out for it. because--
-[glass clatters on floor]
Fuck!
The-- the only guy
that could keep up with him
was. you know. Kemp.
So they went at it.
and I-- I tried
to get them to stop.
but they wouldn't listen to me.
so I just piped down.
and I let everybody
worship Jack.
I should have made them stop.
But. you know.
I just-- I watched.
[sniffles]
And the next thing you know.
shot after shot. and then--
And he just never woke back up.
I think he was. you know--
he was taking painkillers
or something to cope with
the pressure of being perfect.
-Always probing for what?
-Babe. there you are.
Yeah. don't worry.
I'm done flitting about.
Are you spying on me?
I'm filming you.
[Cam] Unbelievable.
Yeah. that you
can't open up to me. it is.
Talking to you is like being
interviewed by TMZ. Laney.
I mean. you point
that thing in my face
every second
of our lives together.
Maybe if you
didn't hide your demons.
maybe if you opened up--
My demons?
How about your secrets?
-What about Kemp?
-I knew it.
-I knew you were jealous.
-Well. what would I
have to be jealous of?
Because I invited him.
Where is he?
-Where is that guy?
-Cam.
Cam.
[suspenseful
instrumental playing]
[Cam] Hey. Kemp.
I got a question for you. man.
Why'd you come back here?
I got my reasons.
Do that have
anything to do with her?
-A lot. Yeah.
-Yeah.
Mm-hmm. you always regretted
the one that got away. huh?
-I didn't come here
to steal my girl back.
-"My-- my girl"? "My girl"?
My bad.
I was never the one who
stole her in the first place.
You know that you left.
don't you?
That we had to
go on without you?
-Here it comes.
-Here what comes?
I know
you've been wanting to say this
the whole time
since I've gotten back here.
You wouldn't know what I want.
'cause you weren't around
to know
what it was like afterwards.
me and her had to band together.
because we were all that we had.
-Is that why it happened?
-[Cam] Yeah.
It happened because
we were scared and alone.
Well. it's a good thing
you had each other
to band up with then. isn't it?
We did
what we had to do to survive.
Norcross. Georgia.
Dangerous place.
You act like you're the only one
who's been through some shit.
Don't you question
what I have been through. okay?
Go ahead. and call me a monster.
Go ahead.
and say that I killed Jack.
Go ahead. and blame me
for everything that happened.
-I never blamed you
for what happened.
-Go ahead and blame me for that.
-I never blamed you.
-Yeah. you did.
-You fucking blamed me for it.
-[Cam] I never blamed you. man.
I never blamed you
for what happened.
I blamed you for leaving.
["Beg of You" playing]
I always felt
like I had two big brothers
when I was growing up.
And the night
I lost one of them.
the other one abandoned me.
* Ring out *
* All the silent alarms *
I needed you. man.
and you weren't there for me.
[sniffles]
* I give up *
We don't need you anymore.
Then blink and they're done *
* While you're not looking *
* But oh. good God *
* I'm paying attention now *
* So things
* Change as promised *
* Alone as fate
* Would want it *
* Please
* Please don't go *
* I beg of you *
* Please
* Please don't go *
* I beg of you *
* I vaguely knew
* All along *
* This time of ours *
* Would always feel *
* A couple hours *
* Too few *
This is what I do. right?
Cross boundaries.
invade people's space.
-Give me the book. Laney.
-Why?
You're just
a jarhead now. dead inside.
What did you see?
You think
I ask too much of people?
This was a mistake.
I shouldn't have come back.
I didn't invite you here to--
Let's face it.
our lives have all been
a mess since that night.
Since you left.
But I just thought that maybe
if I invited you back.
you could help us
straighten things out again.
I can't fix things.
You know that. I'm only
good for messing them up.
I don't believe that.
and neither do you.
Well. it doesn't matter
what I believe.
All that matters
is the evidence.
Can I examine it for you?
You're a small-town kid.
and you came back a war hero.
I did not come back a war hero.
Who am I talking to?
You're not going to
con me into thinking
you're some kind of grunting.
insensitive troglodyte.
-I know you better than that.
-I don't know that word.
[Laney] Yes. you do.
It's in here.
You don't know me anymore.
I'm telling you who I am.
I'm just a dishonorably
discharged soldier.
Well. if that's how you see
yourself. then it must be true.
I'm an idiot for thinking
that I see more in you.
How do you see yourself. Laney?
I mean. you tell me
that I'm detached.
but all you do is
observe others.
You jumped to the nearest ship.
All those years.
you never reached out to me.
-[Laney] I'm reaching out
to you now.
-Why?
Why now?
Because it was a good excuse.
Just stop hiding from me.
Talk to me. please.
Laney. I know what
you're doing here. and I--
Tell me a story.
You want me to tell you
a cute little story?
[Laney] Yes.
Oh. jeez.
All right. Um...
My best one is Afghanistan.
I'm over there
with my buddy Davey.
and we're crushing raw eggs.
and playing Madden.
you know. guy stuff.
And he starts to just--
He takes a dump.
a big-- leaves the door open.
I try to get away
from the smell.
so I open up the door.
and I see a bottle of pills
lying right by there.
Valiums. [scoffs]
And I might have
a certain personal
association with Valiums.
and so I take them.
and I try to do the right thing.
snatch them.
And later that night.
I wake up to the sound
of mortar fire.
[imitates mortar fire]
It's Davey.
just pounding on my door.
It's like.
"Do you think I'm an addict?
You don't trust me?"
I felt bad.
So in a lifetime
full of bad decisions.
I made the second
worst one of my life.
I gave him back.
I not only gave him back.
I did one myself.
I mean. I didn't want him
to think I didn't trust him.
So the next morning.
the triggers men.
we go wheels up.
just Davey suddenly runs out.
and goes to a wall
for a better vantage point.
He made no sense.
And I yell at him to get back.
He looked at me like...
"Fuck you."
Boom. cloud of smoke.
There were no last words.
He was gone.
-Hill.
-Hmm?
You remember how I told you
that my brother was on pills?
Pills?
I knew he was taking them.
I don't-- I don't do that.
Yeah. but I-- I never--
I never told anybody. I--
I just watched.
Well. you can take
them if you want.
Yeah.
Kinda turns me on. [sniffles]
I mean. look at what happens
to everybody around me.
It's not because of you.
Well. it's because
of the decisions that I make.
I mean. starting
with the first one.
[Laney sniffles]
Competing with Jack.
Come on. you didn't know.
Well. I knew that I was
just some local kid. and...
it was Jack.
And I had to prove myself.
You know...
all my life
no one's ever believed in me.
Not anybody in that town.
Nobody in the military.
Not even Jack.
Just you.
[tense instrumental playing]
I loved you so much. Laney.
And you were there
cheering for me.
[chuckles]
I couldn't let you down.
-And I did let you down.
-No.
No.
Yeah.
I left because I couldn't bear
to see your face.
See your eyes.
That would have killed me.
[soft instrumental playing]
I know what you intended.
I know who you are.
Do you--
Do you still believe in me?
I believe in you
because I know you.
And I'm the only person
that got to see that.
[sniffles] If you're the person
that I think you are.
show us.
Don't hide it anymore.
[*]
[music fades]
[clattering]
[soft instrumental playing]
Let's win.
Okay. guys. I just want
to say a couple quick words.
So this is what
we've been waiting for. right?
The Open. first round
of qualifying for the Games.
Five weeks of workouts
to determine the ranking.
And the top 30 teams
move on to Regionals.
You guys have come so far.
And I am so. so proud of you.
Let's keep it up. [laughing]
[Kemp] Up to 11.
[energetic
instrumental building]
[Kemp] Get up.
get up. get up. three!
You got this. go.
okay. listen. rhythm.
Come on. yes.
Look at me.
Stay with me. stay with me.
Look at me. that's it. Topher.
Let's go. Heath.
Get under it. get under it.
Use your thigh.
use your strength. come on!
Be a beast for me.
I know you got it in you. go!
Come on. keep going. Go! Go!
Go ahead.
and say that "I killed Jack."
I know that you did.
["Upside Down" playing]
* That's not
The rational place to be *
* 'Cause everything
Feels wrong *
* I'm holding on
To every word I said *
Damn it!
* Feel it slip away *
* Upside down *
* I'm breaking down again *
* One last time *
* And I left my life
In your hands *
* There's nowhere to go *
* But you know
* That I know *
* There's nowhere to go *
* There's nowhere to go
* Upside down
[music fades]
[overlapping conversation]
-[man] I liked it.
-[Laney] Oh. my God. 25th.
-Yep.
-We should be good to make it.
We just have
one more round to go. guys.
We just need a decent
finish. right? All right?
All right. next heat.
Aimee and Cam.
-[man] Cam?
-Me.
[suspenseful
instrumental playing]
-[Kemp] All right. here we go.
-[Laney] Come on. guys.
All right. here we go.
three. two. one. go!
[Laney] Yeah!
Nice. Good pace.
[Topher] Aimee. Aimee.
[*]
All right. Cam. pace it out.
Cam. slow down. pace it out.
Cam.
[music intensifying]
[Topher] Oh! Oh!
[Laney] Come on. Cam.
you got it. come on!
-[Topher] Go.
-[Laney] You got it. you got it.
Come on. come on.
[Topher] Come on. guys.
You're almost done.
Five. Four.
-Three. Two. One.
-Come on.
[Topher] Time!
That's ten plus nine.
-Shit.
-[Topher] Wow.
Topher. I need you
to go big now. all right?
Don't slow down.
I need you to lay it
on the line here. all right?
-All right. final heat.
-Let's go. Topher.
[Cam] Three. two. one. Go.
[suspenseful
instrumental playing]
Topher. slow the fuck down.
[man] Pick it up. pick it up.
pick it up. let's go!
-[Kemp] Topher. pace it out.
-[man] Faster.
Topher. you just saw
what happened with Cam.
keep the pace down.
[man] Pick up the bar.
Topher. let's go.
Maybe he can
keep it up the whole time.
[man] Come on.
don't stop. don't stop.
[Kemp] Pace yourself.
[man] Come on. and let's go.
let's go. right there.
-[Kemp] Let's go.
-[Laney] Come on. come on.
-Come on. come on. come on.
-[Kemp] Keep going. keep going.
[Kemp] Oh. shit.
Come on. we need
three more reps. let's go.
Come on. man.
[Topher panting]
[dramatic instrumental playing]
[man] All right. your turn.
-[group applauding]
-[Laney] Come on. Kemp.
Go.
[Laney] Hey.
That's what
I'm talking about. Get up.
-[Amari] Come on. come on.
-[Laney] You got this.
30 seconds. let's push it.
[Topher] Pick it up.
pick it up. pick it up.
-Come on!
-Don't stop.
That's all you got?
Come on. keep fighting.
[Amari] Come on!
Come on. Come on.
[excited shouting]
Yeah. there it is.
there it is. yeah!
[all applauding]
[all laughing]
Can I make a toast?
I'm proud of everybody.
-Am I allowed to say that. man?
-Yeah.
For all of you guys.
-Cheers.
-Yeah.
Thanks. It's up.
You really ready?
Sorry. guys.
We missed it.
-Damn.
-What-- Are you sure
those are the final scores?
-Maybe it's just a--
-[Cam] It's final.
It's over.
It's [indistinct].
In all that. [indistinct].
31st place.
Might as well be last.
No offense. Coach. but you
showed up this morning like
you'd been through a war zone.
Is that right. Heath?
There's only one
real soldier here. huh?
It's just an expression.
You know. you're right.
-I did put myself on the line.
-You didn't do it for us.
Like. you came
to the rescue like some hero.
Guess what. Kemp. you didn't.
You came up just short.
Like always.
I'm a bad guy.
This is. uh--
This is who I am.
I'm the bad guy.
[glass shatters]
[soft instrumental building]
You know. I just--
I don't get it.
Why did he have to--
Why would Jack
have to prove himself.
because he had nothing to prove?
He was-- He was perfect.
That's what they expected.
Yeah. you don't want
to let anyone down.
I guess that's why.
That's why.
That's why
he had to take the pills.
because he wanted
to numb himself
to everything that was.
[fire crackling]
I walked in on him.
Passed out
on the bathroom floor.
White dust on his nose.
And I didn't know
what was happening
because I was 12 years old.
I didn't know. I didn't know
what was happening.
You know what. but I knew
it was wrong. and I felt it.
And I loved him. and I loved--
[phone ringing]
[Amari laughing] Oh. my gosh.
Oh. my God.
[Topher] Cam.
[Cam] I knew.
I knew.
I knew about the pills. man.
That he was taking them.
[sobbing]
He was gone. he was gone.
I didn't want to stay here.
Stay in here with my brother.
leave me alone.
I shook him.
I shook him. I shook him.
I said.
"Jack. wake up! Wake up!"
[stammering]
And I never told anyone.
Not even myself. I shut it out.
I made it
that it didn't even happen.
And I just wanted so bad...
[Cam whining]
...to make it okay.
I've always known.
and I can feel the gap.
I can feel the--
I hope that you can see me now.
[Laney] Oh. my God.
[Cam] I'm not my brother.
[Laney] Somebody help me!
Oh. my God.
And I've always tried to be him.
What happened?
[Cam] I tried to be perfect.
[indistinct chatter over phone]
Yes. thank you.
[fire crackling]
I tried to fill the gap.
[soft instrumental playing]
[*]
[music fades]